uhoh a spawner hello and welcome back to
learn English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and today
we're going to be doing some building
mhm I'm going to build a lava
generator and in order to build a lava
generator I'm going to need a bunch of
iron so right now I'm going to go
explore some caves in search of iron I
have my fortune 2
pickaxe I have some food oh I'll need
torches oh here are 64 torches I'll take
those I'll take some wood
planks um I'll take an arrow for my bow
um I'll pick up some more cooked fish
okay and I think I have everything I'll
need so let's go explore some
caves oh it's night
time first I'm going to sleep
sleep close okay it's
morning now let's go search for some
caves oh there's a zombie that's burning
die he's burning in the
sunlight okay ah I'm going to run from
that zombie I want to start exploring
over in this direction I haven't really
explored over here oh is this a
cave no
oh I think I found a
cave yeah let's explore this cave and
search for some iron
I need
torches light we have light there's some
coal and there's some
copper but no
iron
whoa why is there one single grass block
right
here ah skeletons die
skeleton
wow wow
this netherite sword is really powerful
it killed that skeleton in one hit wow
another skeleton ah
die
die torch whoa more
skeletons there are tons of skeletons in
this cave wow look at all of these
arrows on the
ground iron okay I'm going to use my
fortune 2 pickaxe to mine the
iron
what look it's another grass
block
whoa uh-oh a spawner it's a skeleton
spawner block and die die I'm going to
place torches torches torches okay I
placed torches all around
the spawner that should stop the
skeletons from
spawning I'll put one out here as well
whoa more skeletons wow it's a skeleton
spawner I can turn this skeleton spawner
into another XP farm so I'm not going to
destroy this spawner no but let's look
inside these chests open a music
disc there's some rotten flesh some
bones some Gunpowder a name tag and some
bread okay I'll pick up all of this
stuff let's break this chest break and
let's open this chest
open some string some rotten flesh one
wheat and some Diamond horse armor okay
I'll break this chest and pick
everything up I'm going to build a
staircase up to the surface right here
so I can find this skeleton spawner
again in the future so I'm going to
build a
staircase oh
listen it sounds like it's raining up
there on the
surface oh there's some dirt
here I think we've reached the surface
the
surface okay yep it's
raining oh wow my house is right there
this skeleton spawner is really close to
my
house
awesome okay I built this tall Stone
Tower and I'll Place one torch on top
there we go
all right now I'll be able to find the
skeleton spawner again in the
future let's go down the staircase all
right and we're back here at the spawner
there's some iron right here I'll use my
fortune 2 pickaxe and let's mine it
we're up to 14 iron okay that's a good
start let's continue searching for iron
iron
whoa this cave looks
huge oh I can see some iron down
there okay I'm going to head down there
Iron whoa more
iron some drip Stone to
build whoa I'm hearing Thunder up
there it's really
loud okay in order to build the lava
generator I'm also going to need some of
this drip
Stone there we go I picked up a bunch of
drip Stone uh 37 drip
Stone okay let's continue searching for
iron oh some more
iron die die ooh I need to eat I'm going
to eat some
fish and he
oh there's some iron all right let's
mine this
iron okay now we're up to 44 iron zombie
ah Die Another zombie more
iron oh another
zombie die zombie
Die Another
zombie is there a zombie spawner around
here
that
thunder sounds really
scary hopefully my house isn't on fire
up there torch aha more
iron okay I'll throw
away um five
gravel so now I've picked up a whole
stack of 64
iron
oh
amethyst I need to throw something away
um I'll throw away eight rotten
flesh and I'll pick up some of these
amethysts
amethyst okay I picked up 44 amethyst
shards
cool ooh oh uh-oh uh-oh another
spawner a spider
spawner torch torch torch torch torch
torch okay once again I plac torches all
around the spider
spawner this spawner doesn't have any
chests next to it no it's just the
spawner I already have a spider XP farm
so I'm going to destroy this
spawner uh here we go break all
right diamonds wow I placed a torch
right here but I didn't see these
diamonds I'll throw
away a
bow all right let's mine these
diamonds just
one okay there was only one diamond
block but
I got two diamonds from it I want to
find a little bit more
iron but I only have six torches left
wow tons of iron
here wow so much iron so much
iron let's see oh I can't even pick up
all this iron I guess I'll throw seven
gunpowder all right now I'm going to
start heading back up to the
surface back up up
creeper shoot oh I
missed
ah phew I'm
following my torches back home I need to
eat oh I'm back here at my skeleton
spawner all right where's my staircase
oh here it is all right back up the
staircase and we're back home that's